well howdy there Internet people its
Bella again so real quick update try to
alleviate some concerns that may exist
when all this started when it was still
over there I was like you know I'm not
incredibly worried about this we have
plans we have experts they're pretty
good at what they do
and then later on I was like yeah we
have these plans they haven't been
activated I kind of assumed the experts
would be allowed to do their job okay so
some of those plans are being activated
now because of some of the stuff that
I'm seeing on social media I want to get
something out real real quick you're
gonna see people in uniform in military
uniforms now what does that mean and
what do they do I don't have a complete
rundown of every unit that was activated
I do know that the third third and
fourth sustainment has they've been
called out these guys are not there to
impose they are not there to impose
martial law that's not what they do
these guys they're not even trained to
do that
these are logistics experts they bring
stuff in they set stuff up they get
stuff moving they can provide food
transportation stuff like that that's
what they do they're going to be as far
as I know in New York and Washington
Washington State to help manage what's
going down right now
so they may be they're setting up mobile
hospitals they may be they're running
reefer trucks if necessary that they
they could be doing a lot of things
you're going to see them you're also
going to see normal National Guard
troops out you will also if you are in a
local PD because I saw one post on
social media expressing concern from
somebody who is in law enforcement who
had somebody come in and they were from
DoD that person is National Guard
however they are within DoD's command
structure because there's a lot of weird
laws about using US military within the
United States so that person is really
National Guard but there also exists
inside DoD's
chain-of-command so they're they're like
a liaison they'll probably put one or
two of those in every department in the
areas that they're going to be operating
in they are not there to impose martial
law that's not what this is everybody
needs to calm down the next phase of
this you will see those C burn teams
those people that I've talked about
before show up understand that may be
scary because when they show up they're
gonna be they're gonna be masked up in a
way that most people probably haven't
ever seen outside of a movie but that's
the equipment they have they may just be
running around within 95s but I doubt it
though they'll probably be fully fully
messed up just don't panic don't panic
over this it's not the beginning of you
know Trump taking over the United States
these plants have been around for a
really really long time they've existed
since 1960s
they've been revamped I think they were
revamped in 99 and they've never been
activated before only in training so
we're gonna see how well they work these
plants have they put a whole lot of
money and time into them none of the
people that are being activated and
being sent out from DoD are part of any
unit designed for suppressing civil
insurrection or anything like that
that's not what they are I doubt they're
even going to be armed so chill out let
them do their job look at it the same
way you would as if it was the National
Guard coming in after a hurricane or an
earthquake or something like that this
is not martial law do not panic all
right I'm gonna get back to playing with
kids y'all it's just a thought y'all
y'all have a good day